Most criminals are rational people who want to go home after their day’s work.
They are looking for easy targets.
Travellers are likely to carry items of value, whether visible or not.
They are easy to identify,
and less likely to be aware of local scams.
Travellers are unlikely to stay to help police in a detailed investigation.
The criminal is looking for vulnerabilities:
items left unattended,
busy areas,
real or self-made distractions,
fake distractions.
Physical vulnerability is also an important factor,
as is body language – so don’t let your guard down.
With this knowledge of how criminals target people,
do an honest appraisal of your strengths and weaknesses
and plan your trip accordingly.
Always remain vigilant when travelling, awareness and confidence look alike.